Reviewer 9 of ICRA 2016 submission 2408

Comments to the author
======================

The authors present a learning-based approach for grasping
novel objects with underactuated hands. Models for final
grasps, approach trajectories and closing control
strategies are learned through the generation of simulated
training examples of different grasp types on a set of
different objects. Experimental results demonstrate the
efficacy of the approach.

The language is good, with just a few typos.

The structure is clear in general, although I believe that
section III should have been introducing all physical
quantities before outlining the Kernel Density Estimation -
this would have allowed the reader to understand the
concepts more easily.

It appears that a significant portion of the modeling and
learning methods presented in this paper have been
published in the past for the case of fully actuated hands
by some of the same authors, i.e., in the papers "One-shot
learning and generation of dexterous grasps for novel
objects" (IJRR 15') and "Learning dexterous grasps that
generalise to novel objects by combining hand and contact
models" (ICRA 14'). As a result the main contribution of
this paper appears to be the application of the previously
described learning approach to the case of underactuated
hands. However, no emphasis is given to the particularities
of underactuation, with the modeling/learning sections
covering a significant portion of the paper. Perhaps a more
in-depth discussion and modeling of the uncertainties of
underactuation would strengthen this work. Based on this
reasoning, although the results included appear to be
technologically appealing, I feel that there is a
significant lack of theoretical contribution in this paper. 